So now that we've proven we're able to access data from the Excel workbook, we're going to use that
data in our test, and I'm going to be doing this on this log in page.
So I'm going to be providing a email address and password from the Excel workbook.
So to do this I'm going to need to use the shop login page object class because this contains the elements
that I need in order to send the data such as the email address and password locators.
So the first thing I'm going to do here is create an object, the shop login page, and I'm going to
call this shop equals new shop login page.
So now I need to import this.
Most errors will go away.
And so the next thing I need to do is get the locator for the email address textbox.
So I'm going to use the shop object name.
Dot gets email and I want to send data.
So I'm going to use send keys.
And inside these brackets I'm going to pass the string email row one, which retrieves this email address
here.
I'm going to copy this.
And I'm going to paste it like so I'm then going to use that page object again.
Shop dot get password, not send keys.
This time, I'm going to pass this variable.
So once we provided this information, we then need to click the submit button.
So again, I'll use the shop object, not get submit button.
And because it's a button, I want to click it.
So I'm going to save this class now and I'm going to try running it.
Let's see what happens.
And as you can see, the email address and password from the Excel spreadsheet was passed to those fields.
I was able to successfully sign in.
So that's proven.
The concept works.
So if I go back to two websites, if I type in that data again.
Look what happens when I sign in.
So I'm brought to your account page.
And so in order for me to enter a second set of data, I need to click the sign out button, which will
then take me back to the log in page.
So I can enter a second set of data here.
Once I've done that.
So what I'm going to do under this point is I'm going to create another page object, but this time
it's going to be for the shop your account.
Because at this stage in the code, I'll be in the your account page.
I'm going to write shop.
Your counts.
Equals nude shot or count.
Don't need to import that.
And then I'm going to use this object name.
So your echo dot gets sign out button.
I'm going to want to click it.
See this will click the sign up button and then all be returned back to this login page.
And this means I can then enter a second set of data.
So to do this, I'm again going to use this existing shop object.
But before I do that, I need to use or create some similar code as we've done here.
But for the second row.
So I am going to quite simply copy this code here.
And pace it here.
But instead of row one, I'm going to refer to row two and instead of dot get row one, I'm going to
pass the index of two.
So this will point.
So this second row here.
So I need to provide new verbal names.
So this is going to be called are two CS Evo and R2 C1 and it's going to use row to.
Self zero.
And so one which means the same.
Because wrote to the first cell.
Which cell zero contains this e-mail address I'm going to sell?
One contains this password.
So then I'm going to also change this to rugby, to O2, and I'm also going to be using these variables
here.
I need to replace these.
So now I should be able to quite simply copy this code so I don't need to create another shop.
Log in page object as once has been created, we can use it.
But they're not going to copy these free lines.
And paste it here.
But instead of email wrote one, I'm going to be passing this variable and the same for the password.
So now if I save this class, try running it again.
I see what happens.
So it's locked in.
It's gone to your account.
It signed out and then it inputs it the second row.
So let me slow that down so you can see it a little bit better.
So before I click, I'm going to add a dot sleep.
40 seconds.
After that, they froze declaration.
And I'm also going to add another one.
Just off this point.
So if I run it again, watch carefully.
So it's gone.
Login page is entered the email password from the first row, signed in, signed out, and then it used
the second row of data.
And that proves that we've just use these two rows of data.
So that's how we can use Apache Point and that's how we can import data from a spreadsheet and use it
within a test.
In the next lecture, I'm going to add an assertion to prove if a user has successfully or failed to
sign in.
Thanks for watching.